Welcome to Section 6 of the complete web developer of course I hope you enjoyed the Jay queery section
and had a good go at the cosplay challenge at the end.
It was a really big website to make.
And if you managed to make even half of it yourself then you are doing really well.
Now we're going to move on to look at a framework called Bootstrap which is actually built by Twitter
and allows you to make great looking Responsive Web sites really easily.
It's really easy to get to grips with but really powerful and actually powers a huge proportion of the
Web.
We'll be looking at all the HDMI elements we've seen so far.
So forms tables paragraphs headings and we'll see how they work in Bootstrap and how we can use them
to make Web sites which are responsive.
So appear and look good on every screen size from a tiny phone to a massive computer screen.
Bootstrap is a really powerful framework to get to grips with and I'll show you at the end of the section
how to access and edit the three bootstrap themes that come with a cost worth $300.
So I hope you enjoy the bootstrap section and I'll see you at the beginning of the next one.